# kaggle_allstate_652c
- Final  project of 652
- Data from kaggle 
- More about the team project
Form a team as soon as possible Insert the team info here before 9/15: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Gtto2Qp2Ef2NK_VOgK71VrCxQBP-mdlkz5T2sDj-LkA/edit? usp=sharing (https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Gtto2Qp2Ef2NK_VOgK71VrCxQBP-mdlkz5T2sDj-LkA/edit?usp=sharing) Give your team a name. Include a picture/name of each member in the above slide deck Each team members introduce himself/herself in 1-2 min on the third class (9/15)
introduce the members any special skill/interest facts about the members? where in the world you are from? any initial idea about what you data you like to explore? Initial proposal due by 7th class (10/13). insert your initial proposal to the above link right after your team page before the class 3 min presentation of your proposal @ class Describe:
what's the problem? Why is it interesting to you? how to you plan on ﬁnding the data? what's your initial thoughts on how to solve it?
Project updates (10/27, 11/10) insert your progress slides in the above link right after your team page before the class 3 min update By 10/27 you should have identiﬁed your problem & data, and did prelinimary analysis & visualization By 11/10 you should have got many of your results and be writing your ﬁnal paper and presentation Paper (due before the second last class 12/1) Submit via canvas with a ﬁle name "title_name1_name2_name3" Each member of the team needs to submit to canvas Each team hands me a print out of your paper before or on 12/1. Must be like a proper academic paper, typical sections: title (e.g., "Predicting Who Will Win the US Predential Election Using Twitter Data and
Logistic Regression") author names & abstract introduction: what are you studying? Why is the problem important/interesting? data: where do you get the data? What do you do to clean the data? methods: what methods do you apply to the data? Explain the method a little for people who are not familiar results: show your results in tables and visualizations discussions: what do you ﬁnd? Any limitations to the ﬁndings or the methods used? conclusion: summarize the paper, point out work to be done
Final presentation (12/1, 8): share with me a Google slide link before 12/1. The ﬁle name should be "title_name1_name2_name3" . I will collect them into one folder of slides Each team must take part in the presentation, you decide who talks about what. Total time about 15 min

Grades: presentation: knowledge clarity paper slides Ideas? take a look at http://www3.cs.stonybrook.edu/~skiena/591/ﬁnal_projects/ (http://www3.cs.stonybrook.edu/~skiena/591/ﬁnal_projects/)
